README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

update read me and remove unnecessary language reducer

README.md, after:

# Should I Go Out

## [Check out the deployed version here!](http://www.should-i-go-out.com)

## What this project is about

This little front-end application is about educating people as well as practicing a new language. I used Typescript, React, and Redux. For more about my goals for this project, checkout **[My Goals](#goals-for-this-project)**

## Table of contents:

- **[Goals for this project](#goals-for-this-project)**
- **[Technologies used](#technologies-used)**
- **[Screenshots](#screenshots-of-the-app)**
- **[create-react-app-docs](#create-react-app)**

## Goals for this project:

- To practice working with TypeScript
- Combining TypeScript with React and Redux
- Implementing multiple languages on one site

## Technologies used

#### 👀👇 Click links to view some samples in this project 👇👀

- **[React](./src/components/Test/Test.tsx)**
- **[Redux](./src/store/questions/reducer.ts)**
- **[Redux Types](./src/store/questions/types.ts)**
- **[React-intl](./src/App.tsx)**

## Screenshots of the app

**[Click here to look at some screenshots of the final app](./screenshots.md)**

If you have feedback to improve my git usage: **[please drop me a message!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/robinmgoudeketting/)**

## Create React App

This project was scaffolded using the create-react-app cli.

**[The standard create-react-app docs can be found in here](./create-react-app-docs.md)**
